Code organization (with respect to changes from VR)

1. The storage system being replicated (either KV or FS) can be found in [./common/replica.h](./common/replica.h). As described, the durability log is maintained within the storage system (kv store). The syncOrder flag denotes whether a particular operation requires immediate ordering or not (for example, a read that accesses an update that hasn't been ordered yet).
2. [./bench/benchmark.cc](./bench/benchmark.cc) -- this is where the client differentiates between nilext and non-nilext operations. 
3. [./vr/client.cc](./vr/client.cc) is the place where the client would send requests to all replicas and wait for a supermajority (for nilext operations.) This is done by setting the quorum to FastQuorumSize(). Externalizing operations and reads only require one response from the leader. 
4. [./vr/durabilityreplica.cc](./vr/durabilityreplica.cc) is a new piece of code that runs on every server. Nilext operations are received by the durabilityreplica which does an upcall into the storage system (for example to make it durable.) The durabilityreplica is also responsible for handling reads. Most reads can be served in 1-RTT (because the syncOrder flag is set to false by the storage system). If it is true, the durabilityserver, waits for ordering.
5. Nilext operations are ordered in the background. This is done via the BgRepl function in [./vr/replica.cc](./vr/replica.cc). This function effectively pulls nilext operations from a queue and gets them ordered via consensus.
6. View change and recovery - [./vr/replica.cc](./vr/replica.cc) has the code related to the view change protocol and replica recovery. During view change, the new leader constructs the durability log by taking durability logs from f+1 replicas (including self).